Update New-CsExternalAccessPolicy.md (#7996)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsExternalAccessPolicy.md

External access policies determine whether or not your users can: 1) communicate with users who have Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) accounts with a federated organization; 2) communicate with users who have SIP accounts with a public instant messaging (IM) provider such as MSN; and, 3) access Skype for Business Server over the Internet, without having to log on to your internal network.
This cmdlet was introduced in Lync Server 2010.

> For information about external access in Microsoft Teams, please see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/manage-external-access and https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/teams-skype-interop for specific details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about external access in Microsoft Teams, see [Manage external access in Microsoft Teams](/microsoftteams/manage-external-access) and [Teams and Skype interoperability](/microsoftteams/teams-skype-interop) for specific details.
```
